## CGL Generation
----
Lets consider a simple scenario. We have previously generated quadkey level 7 DEM Tiles that cover level 6 quadkey `120102` tile.

Files are `16` bits per pixel, their height above MSL (Mean Sea Level) is `0` and height scale is `1.0`.
Raw length for each file is 257\*257\*(16/2)=`132098` bytes.

|File name| Uncompressed size|
|--------|----------|
|1201020|132098|
|1201021|132098|
|1201022|132098|
|1201023|132098|

## Laplacian pyramid generation
Combine level 7 tiles to single 512\*512 pixel image (drop "padding" rows and columns).

Blur image with gaussian filter.

Subsample => 256\*256 pixel image.

Upsample subsampled image => 512\*512 pixel image.

Subtract upsampled image from combined image => laplacian level 7 tile.

Split laplacian level 7 tile to four subtiles.

From this point on, original level 7 tiles are not needed.

## DEM header

Height scale `1.0` packed to FP32=`00 00 80 3F`

Game height 0 is -16 meters relative to MSL. So height offset is -16*`1.0`=-16. -16 to Int16 = `F0 FF`

Bitdepth `16` to Int8 = `10`

Complete header: `00 00 80 3F F0 FF 10`

Parameters used for each tile are identical, so header is also identical. Parameters could be dynamically optimized to maximize vertical resolution and minimize file size, according to elevation data in the tile being processed.

Add complete header to beginning of every file.

|File name| Uncompressed size|
|--------|----------|
|120102|132105|
|lapl1201020|132105|
|lapl1201021|132105|
|lapl1201022|132105|
|lapl1201023|132105|

## DEM Data compression

Using LZMA SDK default parameters for compressing.

Parameter byte = `5D`

Dictionary size = `00 00 01 00` (65k)

Compress each file in order from lowest zoom level to highest and concat to single file `blob`, also note individual compressed sizes.

|File name| Uncompressed size|Compressed size|
|--------|----------|----------|
|120102|132105| 74000
|lapl1201020|132105| 43400
|lapl1201021|132105| 42000
|lapl1201022|132105| 44320
|lapl1201023|132105| 30000
|blob| 233720

## DEM BLOB Header

First: Subtile positions inside cgl

extract "subqkeys" (relative quadkey to level 6 quadkey)

convert base4 to base10 (no change in this example)

when level changes qkey length changes add to value 4096-(previoussubqkey10)
|qkey| subqkey|subqkey10|delta|
|--------|----------|----------|----|
|120102|""| 0|0
|lapl1201020|0| 0|4096
|lapl1201021|1| 1|1
|lapl1201022|2| 2|1
|lapl1201023|3| 3|1

Save deltas as Uint16 

Second: Compressedsize deltas
TODO
Third: Uncompressedsize deltas
TODO

## Compress DEM BLOB HEADER
TODO

## Assemble CGL
TODO